Hi I'm Justin with AmericanMuscle.com, and
I have with me the 1994 Cobra R style wheels,
fitting all 99-04 Mustangs, available in your
choice of either silver, black, chrome, and
black with a polished lip.
The 99 Cobra R's were all about one thing
-- performance.
Only 250 of these lightweight high horsepower
SN95's were built, and besides their awesome
track worthy performance, included some very
unique styling cues, which feature these aggressive
5 spoke wheels.
These Cobra R style wheels are cast from lightweight
aluminum so they're not going to be adding
any unwanted weight to your ride.
As for sizing options, we're looking at a
16, 17, and 18 inch diameter, with widths
ranging from an 8" wide wheel, all the way
up to the very wide 10.5" option.
Because of the wide range of sizes available,
you can always stick a 10 or 10.5" wheel in
the rear, and an 8" wheel up front which will
give you that classic muscle car staggered
fitment.
Besides looking great, this will also allow
you to run some serious rubber in the rear,
which should definitely help your traction.
In addition to the staggered possibility,
these Cobra R style wheels are also available
with the always cool deep dish option, this
sets the face of the wheel further back into
the rim, resulting in a nice big lip, what's
great about this is, you can run a deep dish
wheel in the back, and a non deep dish wheel
in front for a more dramatic look, or you
can just run deep dish all around for a more
uniform look, it's entirely up to you.
As you can see our 98 GT right here is sporting
a very stealthy 17" gloss black Cobra R's
and on the lift behind me our 2000 V6 is equipped
with the 18" chrome version.
Finally our 2000 GT back there on the Dynojet
is equipped with the 16" Cobra R's in silver.
If you're interested in picking up a new set
of tires with your wheels, then you should
definitely check out one of our prebuilt tire
and wheel combinations.
Here we pair your Cobra style wheels up with
some of the top tires on the market today,
in sizes that are guaranteed to fit your ride
without rubbing, even if you're lowered an
inch or two.
In addition, you also get to take advantage
of our free shipping and handling, and free
mounting and balancing.
Finally, don't forget that all American Muscle
wheels are backed by a lifetime structural
warranty, and a one year warranty on all finishes.
If you've never installed a set of wheels
and tires before, don't worry it couldn't
be easier.
All you need is a floor jack, some basic hand
tools, and about an hour's time.
You'll first want to make sure the car is
on level ground, and then crack the lugs loose
before you get the car in the air.
After that jack the car up, swap the wheels,
and that's it.
So if you're a fan of the aggressive 5 spoke
wheel design that looks right at home here
on the SN95 and on the New Edge Mustang, then
be sure to check out these 95 Cobra R style
wheels available right here at AmericanMuscle.com